compel = force or oblige (someone) to do something.
"a sense of duty compelled Harry to answer her questions"

respite = a short period of rest or relief from something
 difficult or unpleasant.
"the refugee encampments will provide some 
respite from the suffering"

flutter = (of a bird or other winged creature) fly 
unsteadily or hover by flapping the wings quickly and lightly.
"a couple of butterflies fluttered around the garden"

staccato = (Music) - performed with each note
 sharply detached or separated from the others.
"a staccato rhythm"

deposition = the giving of sworn evidence.
"the deposition of four expert witnesses"

adept = very skilled or proficient at something.
"she is adept at cutting through red tape"

askance = with an attitude or look of suspicion or disapproval.
"the reformers looked askance at the mystical tradition"

wary = feeling or showing caution about possible dangers or problems.
"dogs which have been mistreated often remain very wary of strangers"

A real smile appears primarily because of the action of two muscles:
the zygomaticus major, which stretches from the corner of the mouth
 to the cheekbone, and 
the orbicularis oculi, which surrounds the eye

bilaterally = 1.
in a way that involves or affects both sides.
"of the 199 dogs, 36 were unilaterally deaf and 15 were bilaterally deaf"
2.
in a way that involves two parties, especially countries.
"they insist on negotiating bilaterally with the other claimant state"

focal point =     the point at which rays or waves meet 
after reflection or refraction, or the point from which
 diverging rays or waves appear to proceed.
        the centre of interest or activity.
        "the community shop is the focal point of the village"

crinkle = verb: crinkle; 3rd person present: crinkles; past tense: crinkled; 
past participle: crinkled; gerund or present participle: crinkling

    form into small surface creases or wrinkles.
    "Rose's face crinkled in bewilderment"

crow's foot = 1.
a branching wrinkle at the outer corner of a person's eye.
2.
a mark, symbol, or design formed of lines diverging 
from a point, resembling a bird's footprint.


back-burner =   postpone consideration of or action on.
    "a planned test of the new ale has been back-burnered"
