captor = a person that catches or confines another.
"he managed to escape from his captors two nights later"

vehemently = in a forceful, passionate, or intense manner; with great feeling.
"he vehemently denied any suggestion of improper conduct"

emphatic = expressing something forcibly and clearly.
"the children were emphatic that they would like to repeat the experience"

fetal =     relating to a fetus.
    "nutrients essential for normal fetal growth"
        denoting a posture characteristic of a fetus, with the back curved forwards and the limbs folded in front of the body.

pretzel = A pretzel, from dialectal German pronunciation, standard German: Breze is a type of baked pastry made from dough that is commonly shaped into a knot.

unequivocal = leaving no doubt; unambiguous.
"an unequivocal answer"

When a person lies they suffer a "Pinocchio effect", which is an increase in the temperature around the nose and in the orbital muscle in the inner corner of the eye. In addition, when we perform a considerable mental effort our face temperature drops and when we have an anxiety attack our face temperature raises.

concur = be of the same opinion; agree.
"the authors concurred with the majority"

culpability = responsibility for a fault or wrong; blame.
"a level of moral culpability"

veracity = conformity to facts; accuracy.
"officials expressed doubts concerning the veracity of the story"

corroboration = evidence which confirms or supports a statement, theory, or finding; confirmation.
"there is no independent corroboration for this"

tapestry = a piece of thick textile fabric with pictures or designs formed by weaving coloured weft threads or by embroidering on canvas, used as a wall hanging or soft furnishing.
"panelled walls hung with old tapestries"

Bibliography = Bibliography, as a discipline, is traditionally the academic study of books as physical, cultural objects; in this sense, it is also known as bibliology. 

adjunct = a thing added to something else as a supplementary rather than an essential part.
"computer technology is an adjunct to learning"

conceit = excessively proud of oneself; vain.
"Fred's so conceited he'd never believe anyone would refuse him"

irrevocable = not able to be changed, reversed, or recovered; final.
"an irrevocable step"

consecrated =   (of a church or land) having been made or declared sacred.
    "a Christian burial in consecrated ground"

incite = encourage or stir up (violent or unlawful behaviour).
"they conspired to incite riots"
